I will make sure that you have your pick.
I just... I gotta say help.
You know, you are a really good actress.
I mean, down to every detail.
Just know this.
You don't have to act in front of me.
I wasn't.
You wouldn't believe me anyway.
Hey, um, you're probably hungry since that dog took your food.
Oh.
Would you wanna get some to eat?
My treat.
I shouldn't hurt her ego, especially right after such a drastic change in her life.
But I should probably pay for dinner since she's broke.
Can't let the lady pay.
My treat.
He's totally broke but still trying to be a gentleman.
But I'll protect his ego as a man.
How about we go back to my place?
We can make something cozy.
Simple.
Sounds like a plan.
Where's the light in this place?
I have magic.
Hm.
You can just say you have sensor lights, Oscar winner.
Where'd you get this stuff?
Flea market?
You know nothing, Jamie.
Right, right, right, it's free.
I got these custom made.
You can't get them anywhere else in the world.
Making lemonade out of life's lemons.
Hats off to you.
Tyrion style.
Rugged and elegant.
I had a custom made by professional interior designer.
Looking good, right?
Is she telling me that this mess is Tyrion style?
She should be glad she's not really living in Syria.
Here.
Go ahead.
Clean yourself up.
Bathroom's in there.
Eating homeless makes a man fit.